-OFFICE ROOM
The entire room is filled with rows upon rows of chairs and desks it looks just like a typical office. However, the walls seem to be made from white painted concrete and you see no windows. In your cubicle. all you have is a desk and a computer. As you look around you see a door to a conference room, a bathroom, a break room, and a door with no sign above it.
1Desk
The desk is a perfectly normal plain old desk.
2Computer
The computer is a perfectly normal plain old computer.
When you turn the computer on all you see is popup that says "Boss wants to see you!" You can't close it, and nothing else on the computer seems to work.
3Locked Door
As you approach the door, you hear the faint sounds of gears clanking.
The door doesn't budge when you try and move it. You need a key to open it.
As you put the key into the hole you hear a distant beep sound. When you look up, the door has opened and revealed an elevator.

-CONFERENCE ROOM
The conference room has a big desk in the center. Aside from that, someone who seems to be your boss is sitting at the far end of the room, minding his business.
2Boss
As soon as you glance towards your boss, he notices you. "Ah hello there thank you for coming. I have a job for you. I can't find my favorite pen and I was hoping that you could get it for me."
"Do you needa anything?" the boss says as you look at him, "You can go take a break if you want to."

-BATHROOM
As you enter the bathroom, you notice four stalls (numbered: one, two, three, four) along the left wall and a mirror hanging on the right.
1Mirror
As you look into the mirror it seems normal, but you realize the second stall is open and has button on the back wall of the stall which isn't there when you turn around.
1Stall One
There's a traditional squat toilet and some uncleaned dump on the floor. You are disgusted by the smell and quickly exits the stall.
1Stall Two
As you open the stall, your vision goes blurry for a second. But besides that, nothing weird seems to happen.
3Wall
When you press the spot in the wall where the button should be, the stall starts to move and shake as computer forms in the wall, on the computer there is some text that says "This thing devours all things; Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; grinds hard stones to meal; Slays kings, ruins towns and beats mountains into the ground." Under that is a text box and a keyboard to put in your answer.
The screen flashes green and a key materializes in the palm of your hand.
The screen flashes red as a sad face appears on it :(. The computer quickly disassembles and the area turns into a bathroom stall again.
1Stall Three
The stall is empty.
1Stall Four
There's nothing in here.
1Key
The key looks like a standard metal key.

-BREAK ROOM
The break room has a table for eating, a refrigerator, and a coffee maker. Some of your colleagues are also in the room with a small group of people. They are talking and eating at the table and another yellow shirt colleague is attempting to make coffee.
1Small Group
As you approach the small group, they seem to not notice your presence and when you try to get their attention, they act as if you're not even there. 
1Yellow Shirt Colleague
Your colleague seems to be muttering to herself. You can't hear much but you catch her saying "janitors closet pen bathroom key broken mirror broken pen no windows" and she keeps repeating this.

-JANITOR'S STORAGE ROOM
The room is a cluttered mess of janitorial supplies as well as the most random collection of things ever, you don't see the pen but there is a faint glow coming from underneath one of the boxes.
2Box
It's a normal cardboard box.
As you lift the box you see the source of the light. It turns out your bosses pen just had a small LED light on the end of it.
4Pen
It's a blue ball pen.
As you pick up the pen it begins to move in your hands. You see parts of it disintegrate until a message appears on the pen.
The blue pen has a message that reads "GET OUT!!"
As you give your boss the pen, he takes a good look at it and says, "Huh that wasn't there before. Well, I hope you will ignore that ominous warning. Anyways, thank you for finding this for me. You're free to go on a break if you want to."

-Elevator
As you enter the Elevator, it seems to be pretty normal. However, the buttons to pick floors are missing and replaced with a big red exit button.
1Exit Button
When you press the button, the Elevator door closes and begins to descend. But after a few seconds you hear a siren blaring as the lights in the Elevator go out.
.